I want to build a python-based easy-to-use software for statistics testing and modeling.
I have uploaded 5 figures for you.

The first page is a starting page which user would see when enter the software. "Welcome to Sean's Holistic Workspace" in handwriting style. And below are some boxes describing highlights of this workplace, including how it works and how to use. We can just leave them blank for now. I will add the content after the UI is born. There is one solid little arrow at the left. When clicking the arrow, there will be a sidebar where user can choose where to start. It is shown in the next page.

The second page shows how it looks like when user clicked the little arrow and then clicked the statistics tools button. Different tools would be displayed. As shown, starting the top, we will have descriptive statistics part which contains discrepency and correlation tests. And we have statistical modeling part where the tools are seperated into different subgroups, such as linear, non-linear, ensemble, deep learning, and so on. The pink arrow represents the user's mouse. When the mouse is on the button of a tool, it will turn into a different color and there would pop out an interesting description which shows what we can do within this module. I only wrote a unfinished example for linear model. We can leave the others blank for now. But a box should still pop out even without any content in it. There is a text-input box at the bottom of this page. As it shows, it is the box where user can input text to ask anything with the ai assistant. Beside is a send button. This input text will then be sent to a llm at the backend. But lets focus on the ui now and just leave a portal to be linked to the backend later to send and receive the content. You may have noticed that there is also a green arrow at the right side. I will explain with you later in the forth page.

The third page is an example of how it would look like when we choose to use linear model. A big LM text would be shown at the top. And the following area is where user can choose which variables they wanna use as iv or dv. Once done, user can click the button at the top right. (I forgot to add the button, please add a button with text "Shazam" in it. And then the results would be shown below. If feasible, there would be a graph of scatters along with a fitted line shown at the left. And model and variables' info would be displayed at the right.

The forth and fifth pages only show the sidebar at the right when the little arrow at the right is clicked. FIrst it would show a small sidebar at the right. There user can easily see what variables are in the dataset and what are their names and datatypes. Then if the little arrow facing left is clicked again, the sidebar would expand and show even more information of the variables from the dataset, including datatypes, unique counts, means, and modes. Users can either click the main workspace or the little arrow towords right to shrinkage the sidebar.